we just looked at a very good hand for
shooting the moon in hearts now what do
you do if you realize someone is
shooting the moon and you want to stop
them
it after you've played this game a few
times you will almost always recognize
early-to-mid
attempt when someone is shooting the
moon there will be times when it's
obvious right from the first points that
they take that that's what they're going
for what happens is if someone is
shooting the moon they start doing the
opposite of what they should be they
should be throwing low cards but they're
throwing high cards and they're trying
to take points in those cases as soon as
you recognize that someone is shooting
the moon you need to start throwing low
cards if you can't win a trick or go
ahead and jump on a trick if you can win
it so let's say that my hand included
these cards okay since I have an ace if
someone throws out diamonds and it's the
person who is shooting the moon I'm
gonna throw this ace and hope that a
player after me has hearts and gives me
points because if you noticed that
someone shooting the moon other people
will notice as well and but it's very
important that no one go oh hey he's
shooting the moon
that's not fair play let's keep it fair
if you notice fine other players have to
realize it themselves so I hope you
understand these strategies for shooting
the moon and like always you'll learn
more from experience and as you play
you'll realize other strategies for how
to stop people from shooting the moon in
hearts